  
There are many answers to this question on. With this much CPU power , we could scale our businesses to 1000 times more users. Right now we are gathering statistics about every user using an application . With such CPU power at hand, we could monitor every single user click and every user interaction such that we can gather all the statistics about the user. We could improve the recommendation system of users. We could model better price plan choices. With this CPU power we could simulate the case where we have say 1,00,000 users in the system without any 
glitches. There are lots of other things we could do with so much CPU power and data capabilities. But what is keeping us back. One of the reasons is the large scale architecture which comes with these are difficult to manage. There may be many different problems with the architecture we have to support. 

The machine may start failing, the hard drives may crash, the network may go down and many other such hardware problems. The hardware has to be designed such that the architecture is reliable and scalable. This large scale architecture has a very expensive upfront and has high maintenance costs. It requires different resources like machine , power , cooling, etc. The system also cannot scale as and when needed and so is not easily reconfigurable. The resources are also constrained by the resources . As the application become large, they become I/O bound. The hard drive access speed becomes a limiting factor . Though the raw CPU power available may not be a factor , the amount of RAM available clearly becomes a factor . This is also limited in this context. If at all the hardware problems are managed very well, there arises the software problems. There may be bugs in the software using this much of data . The workload also demands two important tasks for two complete
ly different people. The software has to be such that it is bug free and has good data processing algorithms to manage all the 
data .  

cloud computing has developed in the context of enterprise and web application that have vastly different requirements compared to scientific application .  Scientific application often rely on access to large legacy data sets and pre-tuned application software libraries.  These application today run in HPC centers with low-latency interconnects and rely on parallel system .  While these application could beneft from cloud features such as customized environments and rapid elasticity, these need to be in concert with other capabilities that are currently available to them in supercomputing centers.  In addition, the cost model for scientifc users is based on account allocations rather than a fungible commodity such as dollars;  and the business model of scientifc processes leads to an open-ended need for resources .  These differences in cost and the business model for scientifc computing necessitates a different approach compared to the enterprise model that cloud services cater to today.  Coupled with the unique software and specialized hardware re-quirements, this points to the need for clouds designed and operated specically for scientific users.  These requirements could be met at current DOE HPC centers.  Private science clouds should be considered only if it is found that requirements cannot be met by the additional services at HPC centers.

Computers have become an indispensable part of life. We need computers everywhere, be it for work, research or in any such field. As the use 
of computers in our day-to-day life increases, the computing resources that we need also go up. For companies like Google and Microsoft, harnessing the resources as and when the they need it is not a problem. But when it comes to smaller enterprises, affordability b
ecomes a huge factor . With the huge infrastructure come problems like machine failure, hard drive crashes,software bugs, etc. This might be a bi
g headache for such a co mmunity. cloud Computing offers a solution to this situation. 
           
cloud computing is a paradigm shift in which computing is moved away from personal computers and even the individual enterprise application server to a ‘cloud’ of computers.  A cloud is a virtualized server pool which can provide the different computing resources of  their clients. Users of this system need only be concerned with the computing service  being asked for. The underlying details of how it is achieved are hidden from the user. The data and the services provided reside in massively scalable data centers and can be ubiquitously accessed from any connected device all over the world. cloud computing is the style of computing where massively scaled IT related capabilities are provided as a service across the internet to multiple external customers and are billed by consumption. Many cloud computing providers have popped up and there is a 
considerable growth in the usage of this service. Google, Microsoft, Yahoo, IBM and Amazon have started providing cloud computing services. Amazon is the pioneer in this field. Smaller companies like SmugMug, which is an online photo hosting site, has used cloud services for the storing all the data and doing some  of its services. cloud Computing is finding use in various areas like web hosting, parallel batch processing, graphics rendering, financial modeling, web crawling, genomics analysis, etc. 


